`time_restriction` support to `team_routing_rule` (#27)
cloudposse/terraform-opsgenie-incident-management: modules/team_routing_rule/README.md

|:----------------------------|:--------------------------------------------|
| `team_routing_rule_name`    | The name of the Opsgenie Team Routing Rule.|
| `team_routing_rule_id`      | The ID of the Opsgenie Team Routing Rule.  |

## Important Note

> Due to the OpsGenie Provider there is a difference of block nested based on type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to the OpsGenie Provider issue, there is a difference in the configuration of the `time_restriction` blocks based on `type`.
```
